Come in, come in
Make dumplings for you
Good faith enough
Why are you staring at me?
Are you going to eat dumplings or me?
Eat dumplings first
So your implication is to eat the dumplings first and then eat me
Tang Green was me Tang Tuo before
Sorry, it's okay, it's okay.
I'm such a big person, I haven't seen any scenes
I can still be scared by a little brat like you
I'm not a brat, I'm 23 years old, I happen to be 32 and 9 years older than you
Don't suffer, I don't care about your age
I only feel inferior because I am so much younger than you.
I feel inferior
You make it sound like you're in love with me
That's what I thought.
Just talk
Who is afraid of who is really
You promised me.
What a little brat
I believe it too
Of course, of course I agree.
Sibling is very popular right now
Eat quickly, let's do something else
What to do? Exercising after meals helps digestion
As long as you like it.
Not just like